May this year be your best ever. 
I hope all your birthday dreams and wishes come true. 
Not just a year older, but a year better. 
Here's to another year of experience. 
A simple celebration, a gathering of friends; here is wishing you great happiness, a joy that never ends. 
A birthday is just the first day of another 365-day journey around the sun. Enjoy the trip. 
Happy birthday, may this day always be a special one to remember. 
May the best of your past be the worst of your future. 
Hope your birthday blossoms into lots of dreams come true! 
I hope that for every candle on your cake you get a wonderful surprise. 
May today be filled with sunshine and smiles, laughter and love. 
Happy Birthday and many happy returns of the day. 
Just like fine wine, you grow better with the years. 
Happy Birthday to someone who is forever young. 
Here's to celebrating you! 
Wishing you the happiest of birthdays. 
You're not getting older, just more distinguished. 
Another birthday? Why it seems only yesterday that you were a whole year younger. Happy Birthday! 
May your special day be filled with memories and flowers, friendship and happy hours. 
Because you're you, I'm celebrating today! Happy Birthday 
Go you, its your birthday, we're going to party like its your birthday! 
You're older today than yesterday but younger than tomorrow, Happy Bday! 
Have a wonderful day and fabulous year. 
You were born to party. 
May your birthday be filled with excitement, joy, and laughter. 
On this special day, I just want to say Happy Birthday. 
Don't count your years for we all know you're one year older than last year. 
Age does not matter, you can party as much as you want. 
Birthdays Mean: cake, presents, wrapping paper, money, clothes, friends, partys etc. What more could you want on your birthday? 
Your birthday only comes around once a year so let's make today a day to remember. 
Today is a gift of life, today it's your bithday. 
Lot's of people are thinking of you on your birthday; I just wanted to let you know I'm one of them. Have a wonderful day! 
Wishing you another wonderful year of happiness and joy. Happy Birthday! 
Happy Birthday to someone who deserves a truly happy day. 
Hope you have the greatest Birthday ever! 
May each and every passing year bring you wisdom, peace and cheer.
May this day bring to you all things that make you smile. 
Age is all but a number. 
Hope your birthday is just the beginning of a year full of happiness. 
You think you're special because its your birthday today. That's complete nonsense... you're special every day. 
Remember, you'll be this age for only one year but you'll be awesome forever. 
Hope you have a birthday that's as cool as you. 
A happy birthday to a wonderful and terrific marvelous you. 
I hope that for every candle on your cake you get a wonderful surprise. 
You're aged to perfection. 
May this birthday be just the beginning of a year filled with happy memories, wonderful moments and shining dreams. 

Hope lovely surprises are coming your way
To make your Birthday a wonderful day 
Smiles and laughter, joy and cheer
New happiness that stays throughout the year
Hope your birthday brings all these and more
Filling life with surprise and joys galore! 

So on this very special day
I would like to say to you
I hope you'll always find happiness
In whatever you may do. 

Another candle on your cake
Well there's no need to pout
Be glad that you have strength enough
To blow them all out! 

Wishing you your happiest birthday yet
A birthday too special To ever forget. 

So many wishes
So many smiles
Too many memories
Too few words
With one big Birthday
Happy Birthday! 

It's your birthday and I can't be there
But I'll send you a special birthday wish and a little prayer
Have a happy birthday
I hope that all of your birthday wishes come true
May you have a great time today and find happiness in everything you do. 

Happy Birthday form the heart
Cause that's where all great wishes start 

Cake...
Eat a little
Eat a lot
Eat untill you have to stop! 
I hope that you have the best birthday that you could wish for
And I hope that the candles on your cake go out with your first puff
For then your wish will come sparkling true! 

Roses are red
Violets are blue
Stop complaining... I am older than you! 

Today is your day to celebrate
Your day to be the star
So let the ones you love all cheer
And say how special you are 

Happy happy birthday
Today's your special day
You just got a cupcake
So blow the flame away 

Hope your birthday is full of fun
From the second it starts
Till the second it's done 

So many wishes
So many smiles
Too many memories
Too few words
With one big birthday
Happy Birthday! 

Instead of counting candles
Or tallying the years
Contemplate your blessings now
As your birthday nears 

May your birthday be happy
And then through the year
May God bless and guide you
And always be near

You're birthday is here 
You're getting old
But you're still my dear! 

May your troubles be less and your blessings be more
And nothing but hapiness come through your door 

Count your life by smiles, not tears.
Count your age by friends, not years. 

May the years continue to be good to you. Happy Birthday! 
You're not getting older, you're getting better. 
May this year bring with it all the success and fulfillment your heart desires. 
Wishing you all the great things in life, hope this day will bring you an extra share of all that makes you happiest. 
Happy Birthday, and may all the wishes and dreams you dream today turn to reality. 
May this day bring to you all things that make you smile. Happy Birthday! 
Your best years are still ahead of you. 
May each and every passing year bring you wisdom, peace and cheer. 
You'll always be forever young. 
Today is your day to shine as every day should be. Happy Birthday! 
Don't count the years, count the blessings. 
Wishing you a year filled with the same joy you bring to others. 
Wishing you all the best in the year to come. May your days be filled with sunshine and beautiful colors. And may your nights be filled with comforting dreams and wishes to come. 
Age is not a destination. It's a journey! 
On your birthday; Count your candles, count your years, count your blessings. 
You grow more beautiful with each passing year. Happy Birthday 
Many things have changed over the years but you're still the same great person you always have been. 
Every year that passes is another stepping stone to greatness. 
Hope you have your cake and eat it too! Happy Birthday! 
Happy Birthday, you don't look as old as your age. 
May this birthday start a new turn in your world. May it also bring forth inevitable joy, happiness and favor your way. 
Birthdays are filled with yesterday's memories, today's joys, and tomorrow's dreams. 
I hope you enjoy your birthday as much as I have enjoyed you. 

Our birthdays are feathers in the broad wing of time.
- Jean Paul Richter 

Inside every older person is a younger person wondering what happened.
- Jennifer Yane 

Wisdom doesn't necessarily come with age. Sometimes age just shows up all by itself.
- Tom Wilson 

The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.
- Lucille ball 

The old believe everything; the middle-aged suspect everything; the young know everything.
- Oscar Wilde 

Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young.
- Fred Astaire 

Age is a number and mine is unlisted.
- Unknown 

When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it happened or not.
- Mark Twain 

Whatever with the past has gone, The best is always yet to come.
- Lucy Larcom 

It takes a long time to grow young.
- Pablo Picasso 

Few women admit their age. Few men act theirs.
- Unkown 

The best way to remember your wife's birthday is to forget it once.
- H. V. Prochnow 

You know you are getting old when the candles cost more than the cake.
- Bob Hope 

Youth has no age.
- Pablo Picasso 

Age is a high price to pay for maturity.
- Tom Stoppard 

Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
- Mark Twain 

We grow too soon old and too late smart.
- Pennsylvania Dutch proverb 

If I'd known I was going to live this long, I'd have taken better care of myself.
- Ubie Blake 

Let us respect gray hairs, especially our own.
- J. P. Sears 

Growing old is like being increasingly penalized for a crime you have not committed.
- Anthony Powell 

All the world is birthday cake, so take a piece, but not too much.
- George Harrison 

And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
- Abraham Lincoln 

Growing old is mandatory; growing up is optional.
- Chili Davis 

You are only young once, but you can be immature for a lifetime.
- John P. Grier 

The more things change, the more they remain the same.
- Alphonse Karr 
The best birthdays of all are those that haven’t arrived yet.
- Robert Orben 

It is lovely, when I forget all birthdays, including my own, to find that somebody remembers me.
- Ellen Glasgow 

As you get older three things happen. The first is your memory goes, and I can't remember the other two.
- Sir Norman Wisdom 

You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
- Les Brown 

There are three hundred and sixty-four days when you might get un-birthday presents and only one for birthday presents, you know.
- Lewis Carroll 

Last week the candle factory burned down. Everyone just stood around and sang "Happy Birthday."
- Stephen Wright 

Old age isn't so bad when you consider the alternatives.
- Maurice Chevalier 

Aging seems to be the only available way to live a long life.
- Daniel Francois Esprit Auber 

Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young.
- Fred Astaire 

Your life is a gift from the Creator. Your gift back to the Creator is what you do with your life.
- Billy Mills 

May you live all the days of your life.
- Jonathan Swift 

Every year on your birthday, you get a chance to start new.
- Sammy Hagar 
It is not how old you are, but how you are old.
- Marie Dressler 

First you forget names, then you forget faces, then you forget to pull your zipper up, then you forget to pull your zipper down.
- Leo Rosenberg 

Some people, no matter how old they get, never lose their beauty - they merely move it from their faces into their hearts.
- Martin Buxbaum 

Why is a birthday cake the only food you can blow on and spit on and everybody rushes to get a piece?
- Bobby Kelton 

Age is something that doesn't matter, unless you are a cheese.
- Billie Burke. 

All the world is birthday cake, so take a piece, but not too much.
- George Harrison 

You can only perceive real beauty in a person as they get older.
- Anouk Aimee 

Aging seems to be the only available way to live a long life.
- Daniel Auber 

We grow neither better or worse as we get old, but more like ourselves.
- Bernard Baruch 

No wise man ever wished to be younger.
- Jonathan Swift 

For all the advances in medicine, there is still no cure for the common birthday.
– John Glenn 

Growing old is like being increasingly penalized for a crime you have not committed.
- Anthony Powell 
